# Women's Refuge Shielded Site #

Donate link: https://womensrefuge.org.nz/support-our-work/make-a-donation/

Wordpress Plugin to add the NZ Women's Refuge Shielded Site button to your site using the `[womens_refuge_shield]` shortcode or widget.

## Description ##

Now any website can be a place of refuge. If you need help but are worried about repercussions from a controlling or abusive partner, this is a safe way to find it. With The Women's Refuge Shielded Site, victims of domestic violence access a shielded portal through which they can contact us, find out how to make a plan to safely get out of a dangerous situation, learn how to stay safe online and get answers to questions about what comes next – all without fear of it showing up in their browser history for anyone else to find.

The Shielded Site is simple to add to any company website and is designed to work on desktop, tablet and mobile.

By including the Shielded Site tab on your website, you’ll be helping victims living with domestic violence to safely get help. We invite all New Zealand businesses – or anyone who manages their own website – to get involved.

**Note:** This plugin follows the example given on the [Shielded Site](https://shielded.co.nz/ "The Shielded Site Project") website, and therefore embeds a link to a hosted JavaScript file from their website. Additionally, clicking the Shielded Site image generated by the shortcode or widget from this app is *explicitly* designed to display another (external) websites' content over the top of your website.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Is this an official Shielded Site plugin? ###

No. The plugin has been provided by the author, who wanted an easy way to include the Shielded Site features (https://shielded.co.nz/) on their WordPress websites, but could find no neat ways of doing so.

### How can I include the shielded logo on my site? ###

The plugin provides two options
1. You can insert the [womens_refuge_shield] shortcode where you want it on the page.
2. You can insert the Widget into where you wish to use it.

### What options are available? ###

You can control to look of the icon by changing the icon_size parameter (valid options: *large* (default), *small*, or *button*).

For the more technical users, you can also affect the ID of the inserted image using the `element_id` parameter, and the ID of the modal overlay using the `modal_id` parameter.

### Can I control the styling ###

Yes. The link image is inserted to your site inside a `<div>` element, with a class of `".wrss_container"`.

### Can I include more than one version on my page? ###

Yes. **However** you should note that only the last one on the page will activate when you click on it, due to a limitation from the code provided by https://shielded.co.nz

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 1.0.4 ###
* Tested against 6.1.1
* Code updated to align to [WordPress Coding Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards)
* Change to screenshot to remove dev site name

### 1.0 ###
By including the Shielded Site tab on your website, you’ll be helping victims living with domestic violence to safely get help. Women's Refuge invite all New Zealand businesses – or anyone who manages their own website – to get involved.
